Fellowship level 3 or more is required to vote to whitelist calls (#5109)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-polkadot-opengov.md

### Whitelisting

Polkadot OpenGov allows the Fellowship to authorize a new origin (known as "Whitelisted-Caller") to

> execute with Root-level privileges for calls that have been approved by the Fellowship. (At the moment
> only fellows level 3 and above can vote to whitelist calls).

Author: ```suggestion
execute with Root-level privileges for calls that have been approved by the Fellowship. (Currently
only fellows level 3 and above can vote to whitelist calls).
```
